Shuusuke Amagi
Chrome Shelled Regios
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume1  Volume 01 - Chrome Shelled Regios
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume2  Volume 02 - Silent Talk
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume3  Volume 03 - Sentimental Voice
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume4  Volume 04 - Confidential Call
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume5  Volume 05 - Emotional Howl
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume6  Volume 06 - Red Nocture
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume7  Volume 07 - White Opera
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume8  Volume 08 - Mixing Note
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume9  Volume 09 - Blue Mazurka
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume10 Volume 10 - Complex Days
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume11 Volume 11 - Impact Girls
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume12 Volume 12 - Black Arabesque
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume13 Volume 13 - Grey Concerto
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume14 Volume 14 - Scarlet Oratorio
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume15 Volume 15 - Next Bloom
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume16 Volume 16 - Spring Burst
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume17 Volume 17 - Summer Night Rave
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume18 Volume 18 - Crying Autumn
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume19 Volume 19 - Initiation Log
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume20 Volume 20 - Desire Report
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume21 Volume 21 - Winter Fall (I)
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume22 Volume 22 - Winter Fall (II)
http://www.baka-tsuki.org/project/index.php?title=Chrome_Shelled_Regios:Volume24 Volume 24 - Life is Goodbye
